what's that world is she girl see damsel
so yes and I had did a blog about this
10 year old girl in North Carolina named
Joe Cairo and she had gotten kicked out
of her class and put into a smaller
classroom because they said her hair was
a distraction to the learning
environment and people wanted me to do a
video on it so um basically my opinion
on her hair um if you haven't seen the
pictures go ahead and look at the
pictures and then come back to the video
um in my opinion I feel like her hair is
too grown for her age she doesn't even
look like a 10 year old she looks like
she's about 13 or 14 I mean she's a
beautiful girl she has a beautiful face
but I think that her mother was wrong
for putting that type of style and I
like coloring her hair now I'm seeing
young girls out here with Mohawks was
hot would have the side of their hair
shaving and that's cool I'm all about
expressing yourself and I'm all about
being an individual but I think certain
things need to be age-appropriate and I
feel like her mama could have put a
frohawk on her but then she could have
curls it she could have put little
spirals in there so it wasn't as wild
and I just don't think the color was
really needed cuz she's only ten she's
not 15 I mean she has a rest of her life
to add all types of crazy colors and
everything else and see the thing is
when your child comes to school like
that kids are going to stare I mean
adults are going to steer you know I'm
saying we live in a society where people
have the attention span of a flea
any little thing distracts people now is
that her pot that people don't know how
to focus on they work and they keep
standing her hair yes and no granted the
kids should have been mature enough to
lean on plan to stay focused at their
assignment and the teacher should have
been able to handle the class but again
we're talking about a bunch of ten year
old ten year olds are not the most
mature people in the world let's be but
I have a ten year old
I mean ten year olds are gonna laugh and
snicker and stare and everything else so
I just feel like the hairstyle wasn't
really necessary for the classroom
environment you know like there's
nothing wrong with having a mohawk my
son wears a fro Hawk to school but his
fro Hawk is tame there's no cut
he doesn't have a lot of designs in
there so I mean I think it should have
been more age-appropriate and I just
feel like the mother did it for
attention I mean even if she was sent
out of the classroom there the news had
to be caught for this I mean was it that
serious that this had to make national
news um and then also I don't feel like
the teacher should have took her out the
classroom unless she did something bad I
think that was kind of wrong but I
understood the distraction I feel like
even they shouldn't sent her home and
told her to change her hairstyle you
know I'm saying but don't put me in the
class at the bad class because she
didn't really do anything as far as like
behavior wise her mother okayed her to
come off the house like that so if you
want to be mad be mad at her mom she's
just a child but I do what kind of made
me sad what the interview is that saying
well she should have the right to
express herself and she wants to be
individual but to me that hairstyles not
making her individual everything that
came out her mouth was not making her
individual everything that came out her
mouth showed that she was a follower she
wants to be like Willow Smith she's
marrying herself at the Willow Smith
Willow Smith is her role model and then
she was even singing the song I with my
hair and my thing is okay that's cool I
would have respected the interview more
had her mind brought out her report card
and been like my daughter is a
straight-a student or a and B student or
she's on the honor roll or my daughters
on the student council my daughter does
this this and that then I probably would
have been more like okay well you know
as long as her work is still being done
you know whatever with her hair but no
one said anything about her grades no
one said anything about what she does as
far as in you know her work ethic in the
classroom in kids today I'm concerned
with stuff that's unnecessary
at ten you really shouldn't be concerned
we're trying to look like Willow Smith
and having bright colors in your hair
you should be concerned about you know
I'm saying whipping them grades back and
forth that's what she should be
concerned with you know I wish my mom
would have put on her report card that
it made me feel a little bit better
about the whole hair thing like you know
what she's a straight-a student or she
gets good grades but dinner by what by
her report card but if I was whipping
out that song and singing the song yeah
but I think she should be more concerned
with her grades and whipping her hair
let me show y'all my son's report card
I'm a child cover-up I'm covering up his
name
okay this is my son's report card
nothing but A's B's and X's and S stands
for satisfactory my son has been on the
ambien role since kindergarten
he's on the student council he's class
president now a lot of y'all might be
shocked because I curse and you know I'm
so ghetto but I'm really on my son when
it comes to his schoolwork he knows I
don't play you go to school to learn
school is not a fashion show and if I
find out that he's disrupting any other
child running experience he has to
answer to me and I think more parents
should be like that so instead of her
daughter being so concerned about what
Willow Smith is doing a fine Willow
Smith's friend
she needs to be whipping her grace a
second up with my day up with my
boy I get more time than a little bit
applied next day I'm hearing it take my
bravery attitude yeah Tom I get nothing
but age indeed I'll be kidding me could
be like me who the heck in real hard to
die get totally different on my report
card day in real heartache I get through
the prism of all time
I'm friends I can up with my brains
I can up with my brain back and
forth
no matter make the air beat I'm with my
grades back and forth up with my brains
I'm up with my face back and
forth these that we're about some brave
nothing hair I'm a mess I know I'm a
mess